In the last lecture I talked about Garth's Now one to consider for for a case so that we're accessing
a route which is unknown.
We actually saw one way of handling it with redirect here because if we try to access new posts when
unauthenticated this route is unknown because it's not rendered.
And as you could see if we still click on new post we are essentially redirected back to post.
This is one way of handling for four requests.
You can simply redirect to another route.
However you can also handle them in a different way.
If you want to handle them differently I have to comment is out of the way this will catch any unknown
requests.
You can specify the route component here and if you leave out the path so you don't add path you can
simply define a component or the render method you learn about to render something for any unknown route.
So here I'm going to outpoured not found.
Of course you could again just said it use component and render for 0 for error page component you created
but this route will catch any routes which are not handled prior to it.
So any unknown routes in our case and it will output this.
Now it won't work together with redirecting from the route route because it is all to catch us all and
what ever order you use one or the other wins.
So the other one doesn't do anything for any other use cases where you don't redirect from the route
route though.
You can use them together.
But here this is a nice catch all route which should always come last and show an appropriate page or
render some dummy content for unknown routes.
Let me show this to you if we now click on new post which is unknown because we're not rendering that
route component due to us not being authenticated.
We see not found the same for the route you are alibied away.
There we all the see not found because it's not defined right now.
Posts still works though.
So this is a catch all route.
Another important concept especially for it for 4 cases to catch any unknown routes.
Now as I said it won't work together with redirect if you redirect from slash if you redirect from any
error page and slash.
It'll work though.
The reason they don't work together is that hear from is treated as a prefix and therefore does catch
us all routes asked us this and therefore no matter how you order them it won't work together.
I still wanted to show you both because you rarely have the case that two routes collide here and then
you have a powerful way of handling four or four era cases with a route without a path.